In accordance with VHA Directive 1761:
Supply Chain Inventory Management, October 24, 2016,
the VISN CLO or designee is responsible
for assessing inventory management programs
at VISN medical facilities through a quality control review
once per fiscal year.
The QCR checklist must be completed at least annually
by the VISN CLO or designee, regardless if the facility
is scheduled for a national OIC review.
Dual campus facilities may complete a combined QCR.
A team from P&LO will join at least one QCR visit per VISN.
The checklist does not exclusively measure
compliance with policy,
but includes questions for informational purposes.
Those questions are designated
with a double asterisk throughout the checklist.